ack-grep options :

   Menu
	Config File .ackrc

	Modify, add or delete types

	Display context around the results

	Only count the results

  	Search in given file

	Dry run on which files will be searched

	Search in the path and filenames

	Display the list of known file extensions (type)

	Search or exclude a specific type of file (extension)

	Ignore case in the pattern

	Match a whole word

	Stops after finding first match

	Only print filenames

	Recursive search

	Highlight word in a list from other programs

	Always see the results in the same order (alphabetically)

	Display non-matching lines

	WTF


   Config File .ackrc

	--ackrc
           Specifies an ackrc file to load after all others; see "ACKRC LOCATION
           SEMANTICS".

        --create-ackrc
           Dumps the default ack-grep options to standard output.  This is useful for
           when you want to customize the defaults.

	--[no]env
           --noenv disables all environment processing. No .ackrc is read and all
           environment variables are ignored. By default, ack-grep considers .ackrc and
           settings in the environment.


   Modify, add or delete types

	--type-add TYPE:FILTER:FILTERARGS
           Files with the given FILTERARGS applied to the given FILTER are recognized
           as being of (the existing) type TYPE.  See also "Defining your own types".

       	--type-set TYPE:FILTER:FILTERARGS
           Files with the given FILTERARGS applied to the given FILTER are recognized
           as being of type TYPE. This replaces an existing definition for type TYPE.
           See also "Defining your own types".

	--type-del TYPE
           The filters associated with TYPE are removed from Ack, and are no longer
           considered for searches.


   Display context around the results

	-A NUM, --after-context=NUM
           Print NUM lines of trailing context after matching lines.

        -B NUM, --before-context=NUM
           Print NUM lines of leading context before matching lines.

	-C [NUM], --context[=NUM]
           Print NUM lines (default 2) of context around matching lines


   Only count the results

	-c, --count
           Suppress normal output; instead print a count of matching lines for each
           input file.  If -l is in effect, it will only show the number of lines for
           each file that has lines matching.  Without -l, some line counts may be
           zeroes.


   Search in given file

       	--files-from=FILE
           The list of files to be searched is specified in FILE.  The list of
           files are separated by newlines.  If FILE is "-", the list is
           loaded from standard input.


   Dry run on which files will be searched

        -f  Only print the files that would be searched, without actually doing any
           searching.  PATTERN must not be specified, or it will be taken as a path to
           search.
	   (If ack-grep doesn't know what kind of file it is, ack-grep ignores the file.)


   Search in the path and filenames

	-g PATTERN
           Print files where the relative path + filename matches PATTERN.  This option
           can be combined with --color to make it easier to spot the match.


   Display the list of known file extensions (type)

	--help-types, --help=types
           Print all known types.


   Search or exclude a specific type of file (extension)

	--type=[no]TYPE
           Specify the types of files to include or exclude from a search.  TYPE is a
           filetype, like perl or xml.  --type=perl can also be specified as --perl,
           and --type=noperl can be done as --noperl.

           If a file is of both type "foo" and "bar", specifying --foo and --nobar will
           exclude the file, because an exclusion takes precedence over an inclusion.

           Type specifications can be repeated and are ORed together.


   Ignore case in the pattern

	-i, --ignore-case
           Ignore case distinctions in PATTERN


   Match a whole word

	-w, --word-regexp
           Force PATTERN to match only whole words.  The PATTERN is wrapped with "\b"
           metacharacters.


   Stops after finding first match

	 -1  Stops after reporting first match of any kind.  This is different from
           --max-count=1 or -m1, where only one match per file is shown.  Also, -1
           works with -f and -g, where -m does not.


   Only print filenames

        -l, --files-with-matches
           Only print the filenames of matching files, instead of the matching text.

        -L, --files-without-matches
           Only print the filenames of files that do NOT match.


   Recursive search

        -n, --no-recurse
           No descending into subdirectories.


   Highlight word in a list from other programs

	--passthru
           Prints all lines, whether or not they match the expression.  Highlighting
           will still work, though, so it can be used to highlight matches while still
           seeing the entire file, as in:

               # Watch a log file, and highlight a certain IP address
               $ tail -f ~/access.log | ack-grep --passthru 123.45.67.89


   Always see the results in the same order (alphabetically)

	--sort-files
           Sorts the found files lexicographically.  Use this if you want your file
           listings to be deterministic between runs of ack-grep.


   Display non-matching lines

	-v, --invert-match
           Invert match: select non-matching lines


   WTF

	--thpppt
           Display the all-important Bill The Cat logo.  Note that the exact spelling
           of --thpppppt is not important.  It's checked against a regular expression.

       	--bar
           Check with the admiral for traps.

       	--cathy
           Chocolate, Chocolate, Chocolate!







